well howdy there internet people this
bow again I feel like a psychologist
should have been answering my inbox for
the last few days I don't mean that mean
why I mean that in the sense that I
don't know that I have the skillset to
adequately respond some of the messages
I've gotten I i appreciate and is very
touching that you feel comfortable
enough with me to share what you did but
it did jog something for me so there
there was some benefit so tonight we're
going to talk about what women can learn
from combat vets okay now before I get
into this understand ladies you don't
actually want today to combat bat ever
ever there no don't
okay they are they're detached they are
detached they got a fear of intimacy
they've seen things they've seen things
I can't share it with you and even if
they did share it with you you wouldn't
understand
they got issues they might have tried to
self-medicate the beginning you know
waiting for the VA to call probably they
want to talk about in the beginning
can't take them everywhere get certain
sights sounds and smells trigger
responses in them can't surprise them
with a hug or kiss
you know and then there's the emotional
problems I mean you know that
hyper-vigilance let's just be honest
they're emotional basket cases they're
they're I mean they're broke they're
tainted unclean damaged goods it's a
very common theme and those messages
ladies the emotions you're feeling the
responses you're having they have
nothing to do with the act that was
visited upon you and they're the same
emotions that every combat vet fills
they're the same responses that every
combat that fills because they're the
exact same thing there it's traumatic
stress that's what you're experiencing
you're not unclean you are not damaged
goods you are certainly not unworthy of
being loved
now I have a question for the guys you
tell your female friends not to date
combat vets you don't do you in fact you
probably use it as a selling point when
you're trying to hook up your buddy he's
a great guy who's with me in Iraq and oh
six right same emotional responses is
the same responses so why on earth is
there a stigma about dating sexual
assault survivors if you're running
around and you tell a guy don't date her
you know what happened to her she's
broke we're all broke all right we are
all damaged goods in some way
see the thing is what makes it worse is
that it's a cop out that's not the real
reason you tell your friend said and you
know it and that's the only time you're
ever gonna hear a man say oh she's got a
fear of intimacy are you kidding me goes
back to that old dated issue that old
dated concept she's marked right she's
claimed joking we haven't moved past
that huh
you still somewhere in the back of your
mind believe that your member can
somehow fundamentally change woman place
a brand on her you are out of your mind
it's idiotic
ladies this isn't on you this is not on
you there's nothing wrong with you yeah
you've got some trauma we all do we all
do in some way shape or form
it may not be as severe as a combat vet
or survivor of sexual assault but
everybody's broke in some way you
certainly shouldn't feel you know my
wife's always told me you never tell a
woman how she should feel in this case
you certainly should not feel that you
are damaged goods that you are unworthy
of being loved that was possibly one of
the hardest phrases I have ever had to
read
while we are on the topic of combat vets
and sexual assault I'm going to tell you
a story and you can infer from this
whatever you will I know a guy and the
first time he was in combat if it was a
very unusual situation
there were some people that were on the
do not resuscitate list these are bad
guys and they just got to go they should
not be breathing period there's such a
rush to get there these guys are in a
civilian van when they pull up and he
can tell you if he was sitting in the
front passenger seat but there was a
tear in the seat that he was sitting on
that he didn't have his weapon and the
weapon he had was so scratched up
that was almost silver in the back he
can tell you that the van had a crank
down the window old school he can tell
you he fired first and he can tell you
that his his internal response to
shooting the person for the first time
was got him a complete surprise that he
was actually able to make the shot then
he remembers sitting on his helmet
looking over it and some other guys I'm
the only reason he remembers this is cuz
well something very graphic happened
I'll spare you that and that was after
the boat was cleared he doesn't remember
going on the boat he doesn't remember
getting in a firefight on the boat he
can't tell you exactly which members of
his team were in the back of that van
it is amazing what trauma can do to your
memory it is amazing what trauma can do
to your memory anyway some things to
think about I hope y'all have a good
night